[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Sarah
Breskman Cosme's search
for forgotten legacies has
taken her to Avalon this time.
She and a group of souls who
feel a connection with Avalon
dove into their subconscious
memories of ancient times
and uncovered some
fascinating possibilities.
Sarah, it's wonderful to
see you again, as always.
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME: Thank
you so much for having me.
>>REGINA: You've been
having all kinds of fun.
You've been working with
a lot of different people.
Here, you worked with-- you've
worked with Robert Grant.
You've worked with Matías.
You're starting to do
some high-profile people.
And you're not divulging what
you're learning through them
because this is
their private stuff,
but you've been
going places, girl.
[LAUGHTER]
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Thanks.
>>REGINA: Since I first met you
in our first little interview.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Oh, my gosh, I know.
So amazing to think about
how much has changed.
>>REGINA: So much has changed.
And you're even popular enough
you're getting lots of hate mail
now.
Yay, you've made it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I made it.
>>REGINA: You've got
conspiracies around you.
That means you've
really made it, so.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
That's what my mom said.
It's so nice to have
a supportive mother.
>>REGINA: So we're going to
be talking about Britannia
and ancient times Avalon.
And just this year,
I went to Tintagel.
I hadn't been to--
I hadn't been to Cornwall
or Tintagel before.
And just being out
on that windswept,
rocky precipice with
the wind coming in
and the sea crashing
in, but there
was something else about it.
This was a place that held
a lot of ancient knowledge,
particularly from Atlantis
and Atlantean times.
So I just found it fascinating
to meditate there and be
soaked in that energy.
And so tell us, first
of all, about how
this started coming up.
Had the people been to
Britain and ancient places
in Britain before that you
were doing regressions on,
or did it just come up in
these regressions randomly?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, my gosh.
It's so fascinating to
me because, no, they
hadn't been there before.
And I never know what
the higher self is
going to have me write about.
I mean, I had no idea that I
would be writing about Avalon.
No idea.
And so it just, all
of a sudden, started
flowing in a way that
just seemed by accident.
But all these people
came in for their session
not even knowing
each other or knowing
what I was uncovering and
bringing pieces to the story
all about this
mystical place, Avalon.
And what's so fascinating is
that there is an energy there
in the UK.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But
it's not only there.
That energy is all around us.
It's almost as if
Avalon is everywhere,
but we just can't see it,
almost like this other realm
I started learning about.
>>REGINA: Interesting, yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Very realm
and the other realms and levels
of Avalon.
It's so mystical,
and it's magical
even because I think for so
long, in so many centuries,
we've forgotten that
we're magical beings,
and this magic is what's
starting to resurface.
And that's what's so
needed as we move forward
in this upcoming evolution.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
And our attachment--
not our attachment.
Our connection with the
land herself and also
with all the elementals.
We'll get into all
that in a little bit.
But why don't we start with
regression with Christy
and just dive right into it?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: OK.
Oh, my gosh.
Christy was so interesting
because she didn't even know me,
and she came in for
her session because she
watched a show with
you and I. And she
thought that I worked with her.
So in her first session--
so it was pretty
much a long story,
but she found the money for
her session in her garden.
>>REGINA: In her garden?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: In her garden.
>>REGINA: So the fairies
gave her the money?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Exactly.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good start.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I know.
Came in for her session.
And right away, she brought new
information where Jen left off.
>>REGINA: And did
she know Jen's story?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: She didn't.
>>REGINA: Had she read anything?
That's what I love is when--
like with Dolores Cannon,
where she'd be--
your mentor.
She'd be doing a
regression, and the beings
would come in and
tell her something,
and then someone else entirely
didn't know anything about it.
She'd pick right up.
And I love that.
It's good validation.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
It's so fascinating
because it's like there
is a behind the scenes who
is working with me.
And I'm sure it's not just me.
I'm sure everyone's
experiencing something
like that in their life
where there's some magic.
There is some force that you
become aware of that's unseen,
and you start to realize
something is working to help me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
So tell us where Jen
left off and then tell us
where Christy started
going with the story.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So
Jen left off basically
where she gave this information,
this magical information
and power from her
place of Lemuria.
Gave it to this
woman in Atlantis.
This woman took
this information--
because information
is power in a sense--
took this information
and ended up
on this island about 100 miles
off of Ireland, actually.
And this island we came to
understand was Hy-Brasil.
And so she took this
knowledge there.
And after generations,
that island was destroyed.
But there were some
survivors, and those survivors
ended up taking this knowledge
and some of the red crystals
to the family who Christie
had in a past life.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So here, this
information resurfaces back
to me, and I was just in shock.
>>REGINA: And so what more
did she share with you
about those times and the red
crystals as used in Avalon?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So in Avalon--
well, when it comes
to Avalon, these women
were working with
these red crystals.
The red crystals
came from Atlantis.
So they were used in
Atlantis, and then
this being that called himself
Three that went by Toth
found a group of people that
he decided he wanted to teach.
And these people
were Atlanteans who
had lost their children
during that time.
And they were ready
to learn from him.
And he told them that they
needed to leave Atlantis
and to take with them some of
these crystals, some scrolls,
and artifacts and understand
certain knowledge,
even gave them information
about this white powder that I
came to understand was
called monatomic gold.
And all this stuff is
new to me because--
I learn it through my sessions.
>>REGINA: You're just doing
hypnotherapy sessions for weight
loss, et cetera, when
all this happened.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
And so the survivors
took this information,
and they hid some of
it under the Sphinx.
And then they would
hide some of it
in floorboards in
their houses in Egypt.
And then it became
apparent that it
would be too dangerous
to keep these crystals
and this information in Egypt.
So it was taken by some
of the Knights Templar,
and they hid it as
the crown jewels
in this royal family
in Scotland's place.
When the Templars were
working with this royal family
and guarding their jewels, there
were these Druid Wizards there
that taught the Templars
some really spiritual things.
And this trickled down, and the
Templars learned a lot of things
from these really
powerful people.
And it really changed the
course of history in a sense
because not only did the
Templars have this experience,
but this royal family did too.
And so it gets into this
really special bloodline
that I started learning about.
So what is--
>>REGINA: Tell us about that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: OK.
This is so-- well, this is
what I find so fascinating.
So there is this
bloodline that had
to be very protected that came
from Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
And according to
people's memories,
as I'm researching
their memories,
they remember that
Jesus had children.
And in your genetics, you
have all the information
from your ancestors
actually in your bloodline.
Well, Jesus's bloodline is still
flowing through a population,
our population today.
And there is an upcoming
experience with all this energy
where that bloodline is
starting to become activated.
But here is the thing that
the higher consciousness
in my clients, as
they're under hypnosis,
was saying, is that when you've
had an encounter or a past life,
that gives you a
spiritual bloodline.
So your spiritual bloodline
starts to activate.
So actually, it's not
just this DNA activation
that we're experiencing now
and about to experience.
It's our soul DNA reawakening.
So we all play a part in this.
And it's really,
really interesting
that this bloodline
had to be protected.
But if you had any part in this
experience or during those times
at all, your soul
DNA is going to be
activated-- is being
activated right now, actually.
>>REGINA: Thank you
for sharing that.
That's fascinating.
It brings up all kinds of stuff.
So I'm going to just launch
and do a little share,
and then we'll get back to what
else you have dug up there.
So many years ago, Dolores,
as you know, regressed me.
We talked about this before.
So we ended up-- the
part of the story
I don't think we
talked about was
that when I was in that temple
and that destruction, which
I believe was the middle
destruction of Atlantis which
is documented in her book, we
were all training the younger
girls.
But the younger
girls had massive--
I mean, we had very
long life spans then.
The younger girls had a
vast amount of knowledge.
And we sent them out because we
knew the destruction was coming.
Everybody knew it.
And we sent them to what
you would call Avalon.
The girl in
particular that I was
raising in this tradition
with these skill sets
was sent to Avalon.
Now, in this lifetime,
she's super psychic.
She's a druid.
She didn't go through the
devastation like we did.
The souls that went
down were damaged.
I mean, there was a
certain amount of trauma.
She never went
through the trauma
but maintained her abilities.
And I know her well in
this lifetime, actually.
And we do joint
regressions together
where she's seeing her
side, and I'm seeing mine.
And a lot of people
sent people there seeded
with that knowledge, just like
what you're talking about.
It was important for it to be
seeded there and not forgotten.
And they became
what became known
at later as the
druids, the really
powerful alchemical druids.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
And so it had to be
hidden somewhere.
You couldn't do these
practices in the forest
because if someone stumbled
upon you, they would find you.
So it is really thanks
to Avalon that we
have a lot of these
artifacts, actually.
>>REGINA: So a lot of it was put
for the permanent library of it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
And what was so fascinating
to me is that I didn't--
so as I'm getting
all this information
from so many
different subjects, I
didn't know that Avalon was tied
to the Knights Templar at all.
I didn't know this until
I had this client come
in for her session,
and she was like--
>>REGINA: Is this Megan
you're talking about?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: This is Megan.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: She
was a clear channel.
I mean, oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: Like Jen?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Like Jen.
>>REGINA: Really crystal clear?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I even could
find out the name of the man
that she was during this time.
>>REGINA: And that's a
really deep detail that's
hard to get in regression.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, I know.
She's so crystal clear.
So what her role was
was she was a seaman.
So she would transport
goods across the sea.
She spent most of her
life on a boat as a man.
So she's a man in that lifetime.
And the Templars saw her
crew, and they wanted--
they actually asked
him if they would
work with them, the Templars.
And so Megan, in that past life,
was like, oh OK, yeah, sure,
because they seem really
nice, and they wanted
them to transport something.
So then we came to understand
the Templars taught them
how to transport their
artifacts and their goods.
And so I literally could
trace where these went.
I actually know--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
--where they are.
And they're in--
>>REGINA: Share?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: They are in
a little island in Nova Scotia,
buried miles deep because her
memories were crystal clear.
So they would take--
they would-- they went--
they were on this
island where they
were taught by the
Templars, some island
called Catalina, near Spain.
And they were taught
by the Templars
all these different things.
The Templars told them all
these different practices
to help them become
very spiritually aware,
practices that were so
interesting like putting
your tailbone on the Earth and
your feet at the same time,
sitting cross-legged, and
your hands on the ground
because the chakras
in your hands
and the soles of your
feet and your tailbone
would make a connection
with the Earth.
And what you do is you focus
on the heart of Mother Earth
beating.
And in that way, you develop
a beautiful relationship
with Mother Earth.
And it's a different
type of grounding.
And the Templars
taught them all about
when you want to
receive messages,
to stand in the water,
when the moon is shining
and the sun is going down
with your feet in the water,
and that opens you
up to be a receiver.
And so she learned all
these different really cool
techniques.
>>REGINA: Wow.
Very cool.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: And even
drinking the moon water
in the morning to
receive more messages.
And that was how she learned
how to navigate certain things
as this man in that life.
So then they were transporting
all these artifacts.
But this was so cool to me.
One day, the Templars
came along with them.
They normally didn't.
They normally would
just send them
to deliver these artifacts
to this island in Nova Scotia
by themselves.
But one journey, the
Templars came with them.
And that's because they were
transporting the Holy Grail.
Oh, my gosh.
I was like, what
is the Holy Grail?
I thought it was figurative,
like this grail was symbolic.
That's what I'd always heard.
But no, it was an actual thing.
It was like-- they called
it the cup of life.
And Jesus used to have it.
And so when you see these
religious ceremonies when
they're using this chalice--
>>REGINA: Chalice.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: --it wasn't
really done in the same way
that you see.
What it was and the
way Jesus used it
and why this grail
is so important
is that every time there's
a reset or a civilization
is destroyed, there
always has to be
some artifact that survives.
And this grail has
survived all of them.
So this grail, what it does
when you use it is you actually
drink from the spirit.
There's actually nothing in
this grail in people's memories,
in the subconscious memories.
There's actually
nothing in this cup.
It's just the spirit.
And so as you pass it
around with your group--
or what Jesus did in
people's memories,
they would pass it around
and drink from it--
it would connect you
with the other side.
And it's not that it gives
you eternal life in this life.
It just connects you
with eternal life
because you are alive
on the other side.
>>REGINA: And
perpetual creation.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
And so every realm
has another side.
And once you really
develop your connection
with yourself on
the other side, you
realize that life
is not that serious,
and you stop worrying about
anything because this place is
just the schoolroom,
and the other side is
a replica of our life
just more vibrant, better,
and that's where we always
are anyway basically.
That's where we exist,
but we just come here
for a short period of time.
But anyway, going back
to this exciting day when
I'm doing this
session, so my client
could remember that the
Templars were there,
and he could feel the grail
as they were transporting it.
And so they hid it back where
they hid all the other treasure
on this island.
And it was so cool
because the way
she was describing the way
they hid the treasure was they
put it in these--
place.
I mean, it was so amazing the
way they built this structure
where they hid the treasure
underneath miles and miles deep,
and it's in layers.
So when you find a
surface treasure,
you think you found the
treasure, but it's not.
And then she said her
crew put little clues.
So they put some of
their buttons around--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
--some belt buckles
here and there and some of
their musket gun pellets
or whatever just to act as
clues so people would think
there was something there.
>>REGINA: Well, so by the
time she finished this,
did it seem to you
that it's because it's
to be re-identified
in this lifetime
or even to resurface
in this lifetime?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
It's supposed to, yes.
And I think-- yeah,
and it's going
to resurface pretty soon,
which is really interesting.
And some of the red
crystals are there too.
Some are hidden in other places.
>>REGINA: So is there
an excavation that's
supposed to be happening?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
In Nova Scotia.
OK.
So to be continued on that.
And the whole thing
about the Knight--
Freddy Silva's work
on the Knight Templar
is really, really good.
And one of the things I've
gotten from this over time
is that there are beings who
come here by choice to help out,
and they always come.
And between lives, they
go someplace different.
And they're just suspended
there and come back
to continue helping with
transitions and important
periods of time.
And they're called the
followers of the sun,
the followers of Horus,
the children of the sun.
And they have to do
with the fourth realm,
whereas many beings that
go to the fourth realm
don't bother coming back here.
It's like-- done with that.
But they do keep
people well-protected
who are here for serious,
transformative work.
So just like you saw,
protecting that family, right?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And protecting this
knowledge that was brought back.
So in my understanding
in all my years of study,
this is very real.
These people are protected
in those bloodlines
because I was talking
about that with Marguerite
in another interview, who
does work with Mother Mary.
These entities are-- each
time frame brings them back
with a different
identity, but it's
the same entities coming back,
very, very mass entities that
can create, that can connect
individually with us,
and that are here to
help us through times.
So it's wonderful that
they're seeing this
and that you're learning all of
this, that this has come back
for us to rediscover now.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Yes, it's so exciting.
And what you said about
protection, it's so true.
I mean, when the higher self of
my clients speaks through them,
they always say
there's absolutely
no real need for protection
actually because you are God.
And so a lot of people
can believe in something,
and that's the only reason
you would need protection
is if you believe
you need protection.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and maybe
just on the physical plane,
if you're putting
yourself out there
and your physical
presence is in jeopardy,
but that physical presence
is needed at that time.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: I think people
that are here for purpose
are looked after if it's for
higher purpose because you
don't want that
body disappearing
right now when it's needed.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: So that makes
sense that there's
physical third-dimensional
protection, yeah.
But as a soul, no.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Well--
oh, yeah, of course.
But they've also said that
the power of the Red Cross,
the equal-armed Templar cross--
>>REGINA: Yes
>>BRESKMAN COSME: --is
actually extremely protective.
I never even knew this before.
And they said it has amazing
effects if you wear one.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you wore one
and got a bunch of hate mail.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah,
I heard the rumor was
I'm part of the Illuminati,
but I'm not, actually.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I would
have a nicer car if I was.
>>REGINA: Definitely.
So let's talk about moving
from the Knight Templar, which
I have a very, very strong
affinity with in my own family.
And my son and I used to
have dreams of my father
at the same time, and I'd have
dreams of my father and son.
And I was a female
between the generations.
Both of them were Templars.
But it was fascinating to
look at what they were doing
and caring back in the day.
So I love them.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: They are so--
>>REGINA: They
were not crusaders
marauding through the Middle
East, raping everyone.
These were armed forces that
were used back in that day.
But these were people
of a much higher order
that worked with the Cistercian
priests and so forth.
So yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But what was
interesting is that my client,
her teacher--
so she was not a Templar, but
she worked with the Templars.
Her teacher, this man
who was a Templar,
developed a relationship
with a woman from Avalon.
And they had a different
type of relationship.
They had a beautiful, spiritual,
a romantic relationship.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: They didn't
have children, actually.
It was all romance, all divine
masculine with divine feminine,
and they cultivated that.
And it was a beautiful
relationship.
And what the higher
self said was,
that's the template
for the relationships
that are starting now--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
--that a lot of people--
the higher self of my
clients said a lot of people
are having issues with
their relationships
because things are changing.
>>REGINA: And with procreation.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Yeah, with procre--
>>REGINA: Fertility.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Exactly.
And we're changing
into this new paradigm
where we're going
to start rebalancing
each other in a deeper way.
So relationships will
take on a new meaning
as this ancient stuff starts
to become more activated.
When your memories get
activated and triggered,
then it changes
everything about you,
and you seek out
these ancient truths,
and you stop playing small.
You realize who you really are.
So they were talking about
how that spiritual bloodline
with everyone connected to this
is being activated and changing
them.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Interesting that you
bring this up too.
There's a woman in our
archives named Gates McKibbin,
and she wrote a series
of books about this kind
of sacred relationship.
And one of them is
in ancient Britannia.
Just what you're
talking about, exactly
that kind of relationship.
And it's a pair that
keeps incarnating together
and brings this same
love, respectful love,
through in each incarnation.
So if anybody hasn't seen
Gates McKibbin's books too,
it exemplifies that,
and it's so beautiful.
So yeah, you would
probably love it.
OK.
So now we're talking
about-- we'll
get into hybrids and
elementals and all that,
but you say here that Avalon
children are returning.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
The Avalon children--
>>REGINA: Bringing that
knowledge back from,
I would argue, even
Atlantean times.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
Oh, 100%.
And so they had a
really specific marker,
they've said, where
usually, they're
children born after 2013 because
13 is a really special number,
and it signifies the arrival
of these new children.
And you can kind of tell when
you see one of these children.
I mean, of course, I'm sure
there's some born before,
but you can tell
when you see them.
And there's
something about them.
They can already see into
these other dimensions.
And the reason they're
resurfacing right now
is they're trying to bridge
the gap between humanity
and this fairy realm.
They can see fairies,
and they can only
be born into a family that has
at least one parent that allows
that cultivation of belief.
They don't come into a
family where it's not there.
And these children
are really here
to start to teach
us the ancient ways.
They're already designed and
made for this new evolution.
I mean, there's nothing
you need to teach them.
I mean, keep them alive, but
they're here to teach us.
>>REGINA: And listen to them.
And so that gets
us to the subject
of working with the
elemental realms in general.
And we had Tanis
Helliwell on recently,
who's written books about
the elementals and a summer
with a leprechaun.
She's been seeing them
since she was little and has
described the uniqueness of each
of the elementals in her books.
So from what these people that
you've regressed are saying,
tell us about why they're
bringing this information
forward about the
elementals now.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So the
elementals are all around us.
I mean, there are
elementals in another realm,
but there's also elementals
that live within this realm.
We just can't see them.
They have placed a veil so
that we couldn't see them.
But now that our consciousness
is starting to raise,
we will be able to see them.
And so there's a gap that's
starting to be bridged.
They're all around us.
And actually, the
higher selves keep
saying that it's beneficial
to start working with them
but to do so in a way where
you completely respect them.
Even just find out more
about elementals and fairies
and never destroy a little
ring of mushrooms or something
like that.
But if you go about it with
respect and honor of Mother
Earth, they in turn can really
work with you and help you.
And they really like
fingernail clippings,
which is the weirdest thing
they've told me they like.
But--
>>REGINA: What do
you mean fingernail--
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Yeah, they like--
>>REGINA: They like
fingernail clippings?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: Well, it has
a lot of DNA in it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Oh, interesting.
But the fairies are ancient.
They haven't changed their form.
They're ancient, and they have
a lot of abilities and knowledge
that they can pass on to people.
And they do stay in this
realm to work with us.
There's a lot more
growth for them
when they work with us and
by staying in this realm.
>>REGINA: That's what
Tanis's work with them
has also shown, exactly that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: What I
find really fascinating too
is that there's always talk
about fairy dust, pixie dust.
And what I didn't
know is-- what that is
or what I've heard it
is, is that these fairies
can create so much joy that
when their joy comes together,
it sparks, and it
creates a dust,
and that you can go out if
you want to work with them
and ask for them to
give you this dust.
And it actually does
something to you.
You actually feel happier.
And so a lot of
people don't realize
that they can work
with them in that way,
and they will sprinkle
you with this dust.
>>REGINA: I love it.
OK.
So I have these books
at home, and I highly
recommend them for
anyone that has
little kids and an open mind.
Have you seen the
Fairyopolis books?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: No.
>>REGINA: Oh, you got to
get a Fairyopolis book.
You can find them on Amazon.
But it's a fully illustrated
pop-up book written by a woman,
I think, about 100 years
ago about her experiences
with fairies in the
garden of a friend's
house she was staying at.
It is so beautiful and
brings everything alive.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: So just to
help with little kids,
validate them, and turn
them on to that realm.
It's really good.
And for adults too.
They're beautiful.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I
think we all just need
to go realize that they're
real and go explore and try
to have fun in nature, which
is what they really like.
They love it when we go into
nature, and we sing and dance.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So going back to
nature comes up.
It doesn't matter where we go.
The story always
goes back to this.
Mother Earth already
has the innate knowledge
and is making her transition
to more refined frequencies.
We just have to stay with
her and be joyful with her.
So these little kids that
are coming in, some of them
would be what you said, 13?
So up to 12 years old now.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You say they
also have the ability
to interact with beings
and guardian-type beings
and such in other
dimensional realms.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes, they do.
And when I was working on all
this information, Merlin came.
Merlin came through
in a session,
and he gave me this
interesting spell
that you can do
when you're ready,
but it's a really powerful spell
to connect with the fairy realm.
>>REGINA: Well, are you going
to share it, or you didn't know?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I don't know.
It's just when you're
ready to connect
with it to do that
because once you do,
you can see into
these dimensions.
>>REGINA: Have you tried it?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I
haven't tried it yet.
I'm not sure I'm ready.
I don't know.
>>REGINA: Well, maybe
share it on your site
later when you feel you're
ready and if it feels
like other people are ready.
That'd be kind of
fun to find out.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Yeah, it would be.
>>REGINA: So one
of the things you
talked about of these
children coming back,
bringing all this knowledge
is something about anemia.
What's going on?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
So we each have
clues that we bring
ourselves in order
to help trigger deep memories,
deep ancient memories,
and that's one of
the biggest clues.
Anemia is a clue that
perhaps you were a druid,
or you are very connected
with the fairy realm.
Maybe you're even reincarnated
from the fairy realm.
>>REGINA: Weird.
The friend I told you about
who is the deep druid who
came with the Atlantean
knowledge back
then has the weirdest blood.
They actually study her.
It's like a super immune
system that you can't crash.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So when you
have this issue, what it is--
if it is for this reason,
then it's just a clue.
Then you just tell yourself,
I am safe in this lifetime.
I don't need this clue.
And you can go to the
Chalice Well in Glastonbury.
>>REGINA: And it's lovely there.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
There's a special mineral
they haven't studied yet in this
well that when you drink it,
it actually does something to
help you reverse this anemia.
And you can work
with raw honey is
what my clients have been told.
Just to reconnect with the
honey and then the fact
that you possibly are
reincarnated or very connected
to these ancient
civilizations, that
can be enough to
reverse it for you.
But yes, we all have clues.
And I came to understand that
nothing is a coincidence.
Your eye color, the
way your freckles are,
your blood type, it's all a
clue for a deeper meaning.
>>REGINA: So we've talked
about the Templars a bit,
which were male.
There were females
that supported them,
but the Templars
themselves were male.
But you say in a lot
of these renderings
that people came back
with, the people that
held a lot of the
sacred knowledge
and certainly the knowledge
of healing from the very, very
ancient times were
women and priestesses.
So let's talk a little bit
about that part of the culture
and how it's showing itself now.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, my gosh.
So on this particular
island in the UK,
which was in Scotland but
very close to Ireland--
or I guess it would
be both in a sense--
it was shrouded with mist.
And you had to know
how to get there,
but it was completely
hidden from the public.
And they would do
these ceremonies,
and they would store a lot
of these ancient artifacts.
And they would do ceremonies
with these crystals
from Atlantis.
And they would use
their own bodies
and use their
consciousness to actually
put in different information
into the grid system
that we can actually
still tap into,
but that information is
resurfacing as well too.
But these women were
really profound.
The reason it was all women was
there is a really special effect
that happens when you have
a group of women together
because when women--
when they do these sacred
ceremonies, a lot of times,
they would use stuff that
was part of their own DNA.
And so they needed to
just be women to perform
these sacred ceremonies.
And they would do
these special dances.
And it's something that the
higher self keeps talking about.
They keep saying, this is so
profound and helpful that we
need to do these things.
But they would do
these dances where
they would put their
bare feet on the ground,
and they would go under the
moonlight and shake their hips.
And what that does is
it actually shakes out
any negativity.
And they work to actually alter
the negativity of the Earth
in this way as well.
So if you look at the
ancient cultures that
have dances where they have
their bare feet on the ground,
and they're shaking
their hips, it's
working in tandem with humanity
and with Mother Earth herself.
And so these ancient
practices need
to make a comeback because--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
African, Polynesian
from around the world--
these practices--
in South America.
Interesting.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: It
helps the Earth herself.
So they would do these practices
to help the Earth shake out
negativity.
That's one of the reasons why
people have different skin
issues actually, the
higher self says,
because the opening in the
skin allows for these things
to come out.
But when you do something
like shake your hips
and do a dance with your
bare feet on the ground,
you don't need to have a skin
issue that opens and releases
something.
So people in general
don't really know that,
and this ancient information
is just resurfacing now.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So let's go now back because
we have so much to get
through and so little time.
So--
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I could
talk to you all day.
>>REGINA: I know.
We could.
And we're going to
hit-- we're just
hitting some highlights
in your work here.
But King Arthur,
which, of course,
that Tintagel is devoted to,
King Arthur, and the notion
that he was in those parts.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: King
Arthur was so fascinating
because the biggest
thing about him--
well, not the
biggest thing-- was
that he made sure to always
have a female perspective
to everything.
So all his knights
of the round table
would always
consult their wives,
would always consult the female.
They always had to have
a female's perspective
before anything was passed,
which made his kingdom differ
from any other kingdom.
And it gave them an
edge because they
would have both
the masculine ideas
and the female perspective.
Nothing was passed without that.
And Merlin worked really
closely with King Arthur.
In fact, Merlin made an
agreement with the fairy realm
for the Excalibur.
It was always planned.
But what's so interesting
about this whole kingdom
is that it's
prophesied, apparently,
that it's resurfacing.
And the resurfacing is
really this divine feminine
mixed with fine fat masculine.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Justice, compassion.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes, all of that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Always seeking
the female perspective as well
as the masculine's perspective.
>>REGINA: And so were there
any specific prophecies
that came through
people that they
said would be coming
along in current times
or in the near future?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
So apparently, he's here again.
He's actually incarnated.
>>REGINA: King Arthur?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah.
And all the same
players are back again.
>>REGINA: A lot of the
same players from Atlantis
are back right now too.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes, they are.
>>REGINA: They're
very interesting.
Did they have any
further comment on that,
or are they just seeded
all over the planet,
or do they tend to reside
in pockets here and there?
Anything else you
can say about it?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Well, I believe
that it's mostly the spiritual
soul DNA that's being reawakened
and that the
information is hidden,
but it's hidden in everybody's
subconscious memories.
And people are
starting to wake up
and starting to get
curious about themselves
and starting to
activate these things.
So it's so exciting.
It's resurfacing everywhere.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so it sounds like throughout
all of these regressions
you do that everything
keeps going back
to Mother Earth and nature.
So wrap this all up for us
about the importance of our need
to go back into true
relationship with Mother Earth
and all of her beings, including
the elemental realm of which
there are many, many species.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Well,
just for instance,
the oracles of the
ancient times would
take their time to
develop a relationship
with one tree or one plant.
And we can still
do this right now.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: You develop a
relationship with that one tree.
And what the oracle
would do is they
would place their bare
feet on the ground
or have a part of
them touching the tree
and, with their
present awareness,
connect with that tree.
And then by doing
that, they would start
to understand the subtleties.
They could feel how the tree
feels felt when the wind blew.
So then they could really start
to develop this relationship
and get messages from the
tree about what was going on
with the Earth herself.
So as we reconnect with
nature, it's just so simple.
These things are
all free and simple.
Everybody can do this.
Develop a relationship
with your tree or plant.
I mean, people are going
to think you're weird,
but people already think I'm
weird, so I don't care anymore.
>>REGINA: You already
lost that battle, so.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Exactly.
>>REGINA: No, I couldn't
agree more with you.
Trees, in particular, as
these incredible, not just
knowledge-keepers but as a
conduit between the cosmos
intelligence in
the human species.
That high canopy
up there, gathering
all of that cosmic
information day and night
and standing like sentries.
They're there for
us to connect with.
I'm a big tree.
I have a tree.
I fell in love with a tree.
And a friend painted
me with the tree even.
It's a purple beech tree
in Kew Garden in London.
And I love this tree so much.
So, for me, I've always been a
tree hugger and a tree lover.
But they actually
will speak to you.
If you give them a chance and
sit with them long enough,
you can go into
relationship with them.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, my God.
I love that.
It's so beautiful and--
>>REGINA: Oh, I
love trees so much.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
That's what they say.
They say part of our
purpose is really
to be stewards of the Earth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: It
all comes down to that.
And the trees, a lot of
them have fallen asleep,
and it's our job to
wake them back up.
>>REGINA: Well, there's
some good news happening.
Apparently, the Amazon
forest is actually
being cut at a lesser
rate, and it's starting
to repopulate and recover.
We thought that
would never happen.
All we ever hear is
bad news, bad news.
But apparently, it's
starting to reverse now
through some practices, through
some politics and deals made
here and there.
But that area is the
lungs of the planet,
and it's starting to repopulate.
So, to me, this
is excellent news,
to say nothing of developing
a personal relationship
with your own trees.
So any final thoughts, Sarah?
There's so many other topics
that we couldn't get to
in this one show,
but anything else
you'd like to bring up right
now before we say goodbye?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I just think
it's really wonderful what
we're doing, what you're doing.
And a lot of people
always ask, how can I
look better, feel
better, and everything?
And the way you do that is just
to master yourself, really.
And it creates this
beautiful vibration.
These women of Avalon
had this beautiful glow.
They were always so pretty
because of their glow, like you,
Regina.
You remind me of them.
You always do.
You have that glow, and that's
really what it's all about.
It's about being
stewards of the Earth,
being as loving as
you can to everyone
and especially yourself.
>>REGINA: Because
life around us has
been designed by those who don't
have our best interests at heart
to judge ourselves
and each other
and beat ourselves up
perpetually with the stories
that we don't
measure up somehow.
So no, those stories
have to go away now.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Time for them to go.
>>REGINA: They're
not servicing us.
And I know all the people that
you're doing regressions with
are bringing this through.
It's time to stop all of that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: It is.
It's time to create new belief
systems because literally, you
can.
And literally, just by believing
something, you make it true.
>>REGINA: And I think you
were telling me off-camera
that in the next year or two,
some really interesting stuff is
upcoming from what you can tell.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh,
about the consciousness?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, my gosh.
Well, yes.
I mean, everyone's
going to be activated.
There's a lot happening.
I mean, if I got into it, it
would take a long time, but yes.
>>REGINA: A lot is
being activated.
And Christopher Bledsoe
talks about this
too in his story of
the Lady that he's met
with throughout his lifetime.
And people can go
look at that interview
and see what Christopher
Bledsoe is all about.
And she was telling
him in 2026--
Richard Rudd is saying 2026.
Ra, who created human design--
2026.
Many people are saying 2026.
Something is going
to happen to shift
our consciousness
on this planet,
and we almost become
a new species.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: We've done
this so many times before.
We've tried so many
times, but this
is the time that's been foretold
about where we actually do it.
We have so much help, so
many people cheering for us.
>>REGINA: Yes, we do.
Throughout the cosmos.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
>>REGINA: To be this incredible
heart-centered species
that has free will and didn't
blow ourselves up this time.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Not this one.
>>REGINA: Sarah,
thank you so much.
It's always a joy.
And we'll wait and see
what comes up next.
I guess your higher mind
will start guiding you
to the next cluster of
regressions in whatever
period of history that is.
I look forward to it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Me too.
>>REGINA: Sarah has a number
of books now detailing
her clients' impressions of what
was happening in past times.
Again, this isn't
definitive, but we
need to understand
these remembrances will
be a very meaningful
part of piecing together
our distant past as
the human species.
You can go to
theholistichypnotist.com
for more on Sarah's work.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]